
sigma_clipping()

bgsubtract()

centroid()

aperphot()

centroidg2d(image_data)

Parameters:
	
	image_data : image data cube
	
Returns:
	list ... (copy paste from centroid)

psfwidth(image_data, xo,yo, edg):

Parameters:
		image_data : image data cube
		edg : length of the pixel box
		xo : list of x coordinate of centroid of the frames in imagecube
		yo : list of y coordinate of centroid of the frames in imagecube

Returns :
	psfxw: List of psf width in x direction for the frames in image_data
	psfyw: list of psf width in y direction for the frames in image_data


noisepixparam(image_data,edg)

Find noise pixel parameter (beta) for each frame in image_data.

Parameters: 
		image_data : image data cube
		edg : length of pixel box
		
Returns : 
		npp – list of noise pixel parameter corresponding to frames in image_data


bgnormalize(image_data,normbg)

Parameters:
	image_data:
	normbg: List that acuumulates the normalised background flux of frames

Returns:
	normbg : list that hold background flux

Notes:

The central 5x5 box is masked (as it is the star) and the remaining is the background. The background for each frame is found and stored in the list bgsum.

Bgsum is normalised to mean and the resulting list is appended to normbg.




stackit(normf,normbg,normx,normy,normGx,normGy,normpsfwx,normpsfwy,normnpp)

Parameters:
	normf – The 2d list that has normalised stellar flux list. normf[i][j] is the flux of the jth frame of ith data cube.
	normbg - The 2d list that has normalised background flux list 
	normx -
	normy -
	normGx
	normGy
	normpsfwx
	normpsfwy
	normpp

return bnormf – The frame-wise median binned version of normf
	 bnormbg,bnormx,bnormy,bnormGx,bnormGy,bnormpsfwx,bnormpsfwy,bnormnpp
	


	



Plotting 
	plot for the following panels with frame number as common x axis:
	1. Stellar flux (F)
	2. Background flux (B)
	3. x centroid coordinate found using flux weighted method (x0)
	4. y centroid  coordinate found using flux weighted method	(y0)
	5. x centroid coordinate found using Gaussian 2d centroiding (Gx0)
	6. y centroid coordinate found using flux weighted method (Gy0)
	7. PSF width in x direction (sigma x)
	8. PSF width in y direction (sigma y)
	9. Noise pixel parameter (beta)

Notes -

The we have marked the points on curve where the deviation of flux from median is twice the standard deviation with red 'x', implying that the frames needs to be tossed. If the flux is found to be alright, then they are marked with green boxes.


